README.md, before:

# Hello, World!

👋 Hi there! I'm Anjorin Oluwatosin, a Business Developement Representative based in the city of Abuja, Nigeria. 

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img height=200 align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=otunbasoa&show_icons=true&theme=transparent" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img height=200 align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=otunbasoa&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&theme=transparent" />
</a>


## Professional Journey
🌐 With a keen interest in all things cloud, I enjoy selling, be it real estate or technology products 

## Personal Interests
📚 Outside of my professional pursuits, I have a passion for reading and exploring the fascinating world of business. Whether it's learning how to fly a plane or trying to figure out the weather, I'm always eager to learn something new.

## Cloud Enthusiast
☁️ My passion for cloud computing goes beyond my job. I actively learn, engage in meaningful discussions, and participate in cloud-related meetups and conferences. If you're seeking a Cloud Engineer or interested in collaborating, please don't hesitate to get in touch!

## Connect with Me
🔗 You can find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/samson-anjorin/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/otunba_soa), or here on GitHub! Let's work together and build something iconic.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to accurately capture my current skills

README.md, after:

# Hello, World!

👋 Hi there! I'm Anjorin Oluwatosin, a DevOps|Cloud Engineer based in the city of Abuja, Nigeria.
 
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img height=200 align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=otunbasoa&show_icons=true&theme=transparent" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img height=200 align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=otunbasoa&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&theme=transparent" />
</a>


## Professional Journey
🌐 I am a DevOps Engineer with 3 years of experience and a strong interest in cloud technologies. I work with AWS and DigitalOcean to build and manage infrastructure, and I use tools like Ansible, Terraform, and Jenkins to automate deployment and testing. I enjoy working in agile teams and continuously improving systems, and I’m looking for a role where I can contribute to a team’s success while growing my skills. 

## Personal Interests
📚 Outside of my professional pursuits, I have a passion for reading and exploring the fascinating world of business. Whether it's learning how to fly a plane or trying to figure out the weather, I'm always eager to learn something new.

## Cloud Enthusiast
☁️ My passion for cloud computing goes beyond my job. I actively learn, engage in meaningful discussions, and participate in cloud-related meetups and conferences. If you're seeking a Cloud Engineer or interested in collaborating, please don't hesitate to get in touch!

## Connect with Me
🔗 You can find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oluwatosinanjorin/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/otunba_soa), or here on GitHub! Let's work together and build something iconic.
